Add documentation for new backup compression options (#1091)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/15.0/user-guides/operating-vitess/backup-and-restore/backup-and-restore.md

        It doesn't have any effect if you are using an external compressor. Defaults to
        <code>1</code> (fastest compression).
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>compression-engine-name</code></td>
      <td>
        This indicates which compression engine to use. The default value is <code>pargzip</code>.
        If using an external compressor (see below), this should be a compatible compression engine as the
        value will be saved to the MANIFEST when creating the backup and can be used to decompress it.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>external-compressor</code></td>
      <td>
      Instead of compressing inside the <code>vttablet</code> process, use the external command to
      compress the input. The compressed stream needs to be written to <code>STDOUT</code>.</br></br>
      An example command to compress with an external compressor using the fastest mode and lowest CPU priority: </br>
      <code>--external-compressor "nice -n 19 pigz -1 -c"</code><br/><br/>
      If the backup is supported by one of the builtin engines, make sure to use <code>--compression-engine-name</code>

>       so it can be restored without requiring to pass 

Reviewer: somehow when I read this line , it feels like this sentence is not complete. for example 'without requiring to pass" what ?? 
also its missing "."

Author: oh, you are totally right, I missed the end there. Updated in the last commit

      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>external-compressor-extension</code></td>
      <td>
      Using the <code>--external-compressor-extension</code> flag will set the correct extension when

>       writing the file. Only used for the <code>xtrabackupengine</code>.<br/><br/>

Reviewer 2: This doesn't seem right. I thought we made things uniform between `builtin` and `xtrabackup`

Reviewer: extensions are only used for xtrabackupengine. It will too much change if we introduce it for builtin as well

Reviewer 2: Oh I understand now. with builtin backups we copy each file separately and it is compressed/decompressed. With xtrabackup it is a single file so it needs an extension. This is fine.

        twice.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <td><code>compression-level</code></td>
      <td>Select what it the compression level (from `1..9`) to be used with the builtin compressors.
        It doesn't have any effect if you are using an external compressor. Defaults to
        <code>1</code> (fastest compression).
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>compression-engine-name</code></td>
      <td>
        This indicates which compression engine to use. The default value is <code>pargzip</code>.
        If using an external compressor (see below), this should be a compatible compression engine as the
        value will be saved to the MANIFEST when creating the backup and can be used to decompress it.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>external-compressor</code></td>
      <td>
      Instead of compressing inside the <code>vttablet</code> process, use the external command to

>       compress the input; this overrides the <code>--builtin-compressor</code>. The compressed stream

Reviewer: I am wondering using --builtin-compressor will confuse the reader here as there is no mention of it above ??

      needs to be written to <code>STDOUT</code>.</br></br>
      An example command to compress with an external compressor using the fastest mode and lowest CPU priority: </br>
      <code>--external-compressor "nice -n 19 pigz -1 -c"</code><br/><br/>

>       If the backup is supported by one of the builtin engines, make sure to pass <code>--compression-engine-name	</code>

Reviewer: I am wondering using --builtin-compressor will confuse the reader here as there is no mention of it above ??

>       so it can be restored without requiring to pass 

Reviewer: pass ??

        twice.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <td><code>compression-level</code></td>

>       <td>Select what it the compression level (from `1..9`) to be used with the builtin compressors.

Reviewer: what 'is'

* vttablet uses the `--restore_concurrency` flag.

If the network link is fast enough, the concurrency matches the CPU usage of the process during the backup or restore process.

### Backup Compression

By default, `vttablet` backups are compressed using `pargzip` that generates `gzip` compatible files. 
You can select other builtin engines that are supported, or choose to use an external process to do the
compression/decompression for you. There are some advantages of doing this, like being able to set the

> scheduling priority or even to choose dedicated CPU cores to do the compression, things that are not possible when runningg inside the `vttablet` process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
scheduling priority or even to choose dedicated CPU cores to do the compression, things that are not possible when running inside the `vttablet` process.
```

The built-in supported engines are:

__Compression:__
- `pargzip` (default)
- `pgzip`
- `lz4`
- `zstd`

__Decompression:__
- `pgzip`
- `lz4`
- `zstd`

To change which compression engine to use, you can use the `--compression-engine-name` flag. The compression
engine will also be saved to the backup manifest, which is read during the decompression process to select
the right engine to decompress (so even if it gets changed, the `vttablet` will still be able to restore
previous backups).

> If you want to use an external compressor/decompressor, you can you can do this by setting:

Reviewer: minor: you can you can

- `--external-compressor` with the command that will actually compress the stream;

> - `--external-compressor-extension` (only if using xtrabackupengine): this will let you use the extension of the file saved

Reviewer 2: This also says only `xtrabackup`

Author: yeah, builtin backups don't have an extension and would be a bigger change as @rsajwani mentioned above

- `--compression-engine-name` with the compatible engine that can decompress it. Use `external` if you are using an external engine not included in the above supported list. This value will be saved to the backup

> MANIFEST; If it is not added (or engine is `external`), backups won't be able to restore unless you pass the parameter below:

Reviewer: slight correction : you have to provide 'external', there is no other way about it. If you don't provide 'external' then it will throw error 
https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/main/go/vt/mysqlctl/builtinbackupengine.go#L684

so might need to change the language here "unless you pass the parameter..."

Author: hmmm, reading this it will throw an error if the `engine == external`, but [first we get it from the manifest](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/main/go/vt/mysqlctl/builtinbackupengine.go#L671), and if it is supported, we use the builtin decompressor, right?

when the backup gets created, it will save in the manifest what we pass to it [in here](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/main/go/vt/mysqlctl/builtinbackupengine.go#L360), so one could use an external compressor with lets say `--compression-engine-name lz4` and that would still work on other tablets which haven't set an external decompressor, since they would know what to use to decompress it, no?

Reviewer: you are right .. I think the language is right here. You can ignore my comment.

- `--external-decompressor` with the command used to decompress the files;

The `vttablet` process will launch the external process and pass the input stream via STDIN and expects
the process will write the compressed/decompressed stream to STDOUT.

If you are using an external compressor and want to move to a builtin engine:
- If the engine is supported according to the list above, you just need to make sure your `--compression-engine-name` is correct and you can remove
the `--external-compressor` parameter
- If you want to move away from an unsupported engine to a builtin one, then you have to:
    - First change the `--compression-engine-name` to a supported one and remove the `--external-compressor`
    - Once the first backup is completed, you can then remove `--external-decompressor`

>     - After this all new backups will be done using the new engine. Older backup will still required the `--external-decompressor`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - After this all new backups will be done using the new engine. Restoring an older backup will still require the `--external-decompressor` flag to be provided
```

* vttablet uses the `--restore_concurrency` flag.

If the network link is fast enough, the concurrency matches the CPU usage of the process during the backup or restore process.

### Backup Compression

By default, `vttablet` backups are compressed using `pargzip` that generates `gzip` compatible files. 
You can select other builtin engines that are supported, or choose to use an external process to do the
compression/decompression for you. There are some advantages of doing this, like being able to set the
scheduling priority or even to choose dedicated CPU cores to do the compression, things that are not possible when runningg inside the `vttablet` process.

The built-in supported engines are:

__Compression:__
- `pargzip` (default)
- `pgzip`
- `lz4`
- `zstd`

__Decompression:__
- `pgzip`
- `lz4`
- `zstd`

To change which compression engine to use, you can use the `--compression-engine-name` flag. The compression

> engine is also be saved to the backup manifest, which is read during the decompression process to select

Reviewer: suggestion: 

is also be ??
or 
will also be

Reviewer: General comments: 

1- This doesn't mentioned about 'external' compressors. If user provides external compressor which is other than any available built-in engine then it has to assign 'external' to flag '--compression-engine-name'.
2- Should we discuss about how can we convert from one compressor engine to other for example if you are changing from external compressor to any built-in then you probably need to do it in phases. Example

(Changing from custom to lz4 (custom to built-in))

Original state:
compression-engine: “external”
External compression: “custom -c flag”
External decompression: “custom -d flag”

Intermediate state:
compression-engine: “lz4”
External compression: “”
External decompression: “external -d -flag”

finale state:
compression-engine: “lz4”
External compression: “”
External decompression: “”

Author: good idea, I have update the PR to add a section about this, let me know if you have any feedback

the right engine to decompress (so even if it gets changed, the `vttablet` will still be able to restore
previous backups).

If you want to use an external compressor/decompressor, you can you can do this by setting:
- `--external-compressor` with the command that will actually compress the stream;
- `--external-compressor-extension` (only if using xtrabackupengine): this will let you use the extension of the file saved

> - `--compression-engine-name` with the compatible engine that can decompress it. This will be saved in the backup MANIFEST; If you don't add this, backups won't be able to restore unless you pass the parameter below:

Reviewer: Minor: This will be saved in the backup MANIFEST; If you don't add this, backups won't be
--> too many 'this'. Can we re-word it to avoid 'this'
